# Problem 1

# Given K sorted arrays of size N each, the task is to merge them all maintaining their sorted order.

# 2. Prove the time complexity of the algorithms

For the given algorithm we have implemented for merging  K sorted arrays of size N, we have different stages involved in it.
And So it involves the input processing, Merging and Sorting and Output Printing. These are the various steps that takes place to get the final output.
#Input Processing:
At this step,it will creates the ArrayList of sorted arrays by receiving the input from user and scanning the same user input.
This steps iterates for (K*N) times, here N is the array size of each sorted array and K is the number of sorted arrays we have to merge.

#Merging and Sorting:
After the input processing, the next immediate thing involves is merging and sorting.Here, we have used Array.sort() method to sort the arrays which 
is having time complexity of O(N*log N) for sorting N sized arrays.

#Output Printing:
In the output, we will print the merged and sorted arrays of size K and N, it will be the linear time of O(N).

And so finally the Runtime complexity for the mergeSortedArrays can be as

T(N) = O(K*N) + O(N*log N) + O(N)

From the above equation , O(N*log N) is the dominant term that derived as the time complexity for sorting computation.So, the 
Runtime complexity for mergeSortedArrays will be  T(N) = O(N*log N)

#       T(N) = O(N*log N)


# 3. Comment on way's you could improve your implementation (you don't need to do it just discuss it)

There are lot of ways that we can improve our implementation to reduce the time complexity.Some of them as follows

#Efficient Merging Algorithm:
In this case, instead of merging and sorting each time instead we can consider implementing more efficient algorithm like Merge Sort.
This approach will reduce the time Complexity potentially as it takes O(N* log K).

#Optimize Input Processing:
Based on the input nature, we can optimize this input processing step.If the input arrays are already sorted, we can avoid sorting arrays again altogether.
Moreover,we can consider using more efficient data structures like arrays as input storage instead of usingb ArrayList for better implementation.

#Handle Edge Cases: 
We have to make sure that the implementation handles edge cases properly, such as empty arrays or arrays with a small number of elements. Consider providing appropriate error handling or optimizations for such cases to improve the overall robustness and efficiency of the algorithm.


# Problem 2

# Given a sorted array array of size N, the task is to remove the duplicate elements from the array.

# 2. Prove the time complexity of the algorithms

For the algorithm of removing duplicate elements we have two main computations to do.

#Copying the array:
we will copy the set of unique elements into the output array using Arrays.copyOf for this we are taking the array of size n.
And so this operation will takes the time complexity to run is O(n).

#Duplicates Remove:
To remove the duplicates the loop will iterates once through out the array util there are no duplicate elements.So it takes the time complexity of O(n).

Eventually, the overall performace to remove duplicate elements will takes the time complexity of O(n).

#     T(n)  = O(n)

# 3. Comment on way's you could improve your implementation (you don't need to do it just discuss it)

There are lot of ways that we can improve our implementation to reduce the time complexity.Some of them as follows

#Use HashSet: 
We can use HashSets to remove the duplicate elements and store the unique elements in the place of iterating over the array all the time.
This will help for larger arrays to reduce the time complexity and improve the performance.

#Copy Optimization:
The algorithm can create a new array only once at the end of the computation to avoid multiple array copies by tracking the length of the algorithm 
rather than using Arrays.copyOf method.

